Update README.md (#94)
aiarena/aiarena-web: README.md

# aiarena-web

> This is an amazing website which gives you the sense of thrill unables you to compete with other bots across the world 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an amazing website which gives you a sense of thrill and enables you to compete with other bots across the world 
```

Web API endpoints and functionality

### aiarena/frontend

> Django template is used for website frontend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Django templates are used for the website frontend
```
